of monaco with Dave start/finish
straight
sound the vote
keep over to the left
and that the hell in to see
into casino square
and pass the Hotel de Paris
no courage ET on the left right
now leaving casino Square
and down the hill ask the tip top on the
left
into the rap of rask ass there is not
sorry lo therapy
coming down into Mirabeau
draw your attention to michael
schumacher's car on the left in bronze
and into the tunnel
full chat into the tunnel
we're now leaving the tunnel
Danielle
to where she came p square the chicane
should wear mr. right in the runs about
your suitor
you just
turn left now in which Ward's swimming
say at this point passengers are Adam
Griffin
swimming pool on the left right
heading towards the end of the lap
towards the rass kass
where Michael famously cheated and got
back to the back of the group numbers
for cheating octro but never mind 612
scaglietti
3 the RAF scoffs
at this point they would probably go to
the left they would go to the left then
we've got the entrance to the pits on
the right-hand side four wheel on cars
will be over there by the curbs and back
out onto the start/finish straight
and that is a lot of monaco in seven
minutes and 25